Previously on "Girlfriend's
Guide to Divorce..."
In the spirit
of radical honesty,
I am dedicated to truth
from here on in.
Becca is pregnant.
I try to fix
everybody else's stuff
cause I don't have
the first clue to fix my own.
These belong Zooey.
She's gonna visit Frumpkis
and the Wicked Witch
of the South.
I'm going to hate being
with dad and the fat head.
How do you know Dr. Harris?
He's like an Oprah doctor.
Today, I find out
that he knocked
up his ex-girlfriend.
Good, I'm glad he finally
manned up and told you.
How long have you
known Becca was pregnant?
About a month.
That is a huge omission.
Okay fine, it's my fault.
It kind of is.
[somber music]
[exhales]
♪ ♪
So...
Right?
Yeah.
Right.
[tape rewinding]
Lilly, will you please
go get your brother?
You're late.
Charlie, we're late!
That's not what
I asked you to do.
Can you please go
upstairs and get him?
Hi, sweetie.
Hi.
Hello.
I should've told
you about Becca
as soon as I knew.
I am so sorry.
It's just old Jake.
Bad Jake.
Not bad.
No bad.
A little bit.
Could just--
if I said some
horrible things too
and--I was upset,
I could be very cunning.
No, no, I'm apologizing.
I am sorry.
I was wrong.
And you accepted my apology
and let's not--
Spend an hour revisiting
all the awful things
we said to each other.
Yeah, that.
Let's not do that one.
We could make out instead.
That I like.
Mama, mama, mama, mama!
Wow! Oh, my God,
Charlie, slow down!
My butt is so itchy.
Hi, dad!
Hi, itchy butt.
Go to the car please,
I'll be right out.
What about my butt?
We'll get to it.
-Hurry!
-Nobody cares about your butt.
Um, hey, I was thinking,
before Latvia,
maybe we should go up
to that place in Ojai
for a weekend.
We can't fix
this in a weekend.
No, of course we can't,
but look, I'm going
to Latvia for four months.
You we're gonna
be going on glam dates
and writing a book
about divorce.
The clock is ticking here, Abby.
Even if I wanted to
I have to work
and you're prepping.
Always gonna
be something though, no!
-Okay, okay.
-I want to go away with you.
How about we hole up
at home?
-No kids.
-All weekend.
Oh.
Why does that seem
naughty to me?
Because how many
hours do you think
we get to spend in
this house without kids.
I think zero, zero hours.
-None hours.
Great!
And then we could, you know--
on the couch, in the pool,
in the garage and--
Garage?
Are you into that?
Not the garage,
I'm just riffing on that idea.
You know what we do?
We send the kids with Ford
and Lilly can help
him get the cousins.
-And no phones--
-Yeah.
Cause if something
goes on with the kids,
Ford can use the landline.
It's old school, it's analog.
I like it.
Analog!
Good.
Oh, got to take the kids.
Quickie in the garage?
-No.
-Kidding.
-[laughs]
-Okay.
-Tonight?
Tonight!
I'm so excited.
Can't wait, I love you.
[whispers] I love you.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
Oh no, no, no, this is cute.
Right?
This is really,
really cute here.
Oh, my gosh, hi!
Hello.
Marria, this is Delia,
my former divorce attorney
and current good friend.
-Hello, nice to meet you.
-Hello.
This is Marria, we were models
and were roommates in Milan.
I thought
I recognized your face.
Beauty.
I know,
she actually kept working
and got really good gigs.
For a minute.
Now, I'm lucky if I book
the mom in a J. Crew catalog
because I'm like,
[whispers] 33.
Shh.
[all laughs]
But that's why
the Blue Robin campaign
is so empowering.
You have to do
this with me, Phoebe.
I got a call today,
along with the beauty here,
to maybe be in this year's
all-natural gal campaign.
The all-natural woman
at any age ads?
That's enormous!
Right?
So powerful, it's positive,
raw, real,
and makeup, no Photoshop.
Terrifying.
Come on, you look amazing.
I don't know.
My modeling years
were not the best memories.
And these are test shots, right?
So only one of us
actually gets the job.
Come on, it'll be fun.
I'm with Marria,
give it a shot.
Anyway I got to run, I'm
going house hunting with Gordon
Oh, that's fun.
Enough of this
wedding B.S.
Let's just, get on
the real life, right?
Do it.
We on for dinner.
Oh yeah, you bet
your fine ass we are.
-Nice to meet you.
-Later.
Nice to meet you too.
So is the food good at least?
Deep-fried NASCAR
pickles or whatever.
I can't wait
to come home tomorrow.
Charlene is the worst.
I hate her.
Oh, honey,
I'm so sorry to hear that.
How's the paradise place?
It's great!
It's like we work
for IBM in the '80s.
Ew.
Kidding.
It's fun.
Ping-pong and a swimming pool,
and Uncle Jake in one
of the lesser areas.
It's like
the Paradiso ghetto.
I thought you
hate Uncle Jake.
No it's good to keep your
enemies where you can see them,
my little southern belle.
Well, I can
see mine perfectly.
Ugh.
Hang in there, okay?
You're almost home.
I love you.
[upbeat music]
And here's
your perfect kitchen.
Don't look at me, sweetie.
It's perfect for my chef.
Oh yes. of course.
Nice, nice
home office for you.
Do we like?
We love.
Now, this is the
19th century configuration
of bedroom for each.
Each what?
Person.
Oh.
Huh, I didn't know
that was a thing.
Oh, yes.
It's become popular lately.
"Downton Abbey" style.
But a lot of folks
prefer the single.
No, I--I kind of love it.
I love the idea.
It's very regal.
You love separate
bedrooms, really?
Insomniac.
Teeth grinder, duvet hogger.
Oh, what about
warts and all?
I don't know, it just
seems kind of romantic.
Or the opposite of romantic?
It's nice to have
the option, right?
I think the bidets
are African ivory.
Maybe before poaching
was illegal of course.
Feel like now, come see.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
Abbey?
Abs!
Colder.
Warmer.
Holy shit.
Last one naked has to do
whatever the other one wants.
That's a win-win.
I know.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
Was that the loudest
sex we've ever had?
Definitely.
[giggles]
Radical honesty.
Oh, no.
What?
I would like my husband slash
ex-husband to make me a drink.
[chuckles] Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Honesty.
-That's right.
-Love it!
You know seriously,
I love the conversation
we had this morning.
Yeah, me too.
We apologized,
we moved on, and--
We didn't rehash every
argument we've had
for the last 20 years.
Exactly.
Radical honesty,
and then we let it go.
Let it go.
No!
Don't sing that song.
Fine.
You get my point?
I do.
Oh, what's in this?
Good stuff.
Radical honesty.
Cheers.
So we're you
in love with Nate?
What?
Okay, I'm letting it go.
Most of it.
But, you know, you told
me about the Will thing,
and that somehow
got me back to Nate
and were you in love
with Nate.
Okay.
No, I was not in love
with Nate.
It was not about that.
I think I just needed someone
to tell me I was beautiful
and funny, smart.
I needed somebody
to give me cookies.
Some ego cookies.
I wasn't giving
out many of those.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, well,
I do demand
a lot of cookies.
Indeed you do.
When I was little,
I cookie-starved myself--
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry.
-Mmm.
-I just think as time goes by
eventually it's like you
can't see each other.
Not the way other people do.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I see you now.
What?
[laughs]
Yeah in fact, I would like--
-Oh! [laughs]
-To see you lay all over--
Oh, my God!
Our dining room table.
Whoa!
[moaning]
We're gonna about 30 seconds
before you get all Hazmat-y
and have to clean
this table up.
You have always underestimated
my tolerance for disorder.
Oh, I have?
Yeah.
So like
if I...
If I just
dropped this egg on the floor,
that'd be cool, you wouldn't
have to clean it up
right away?
It would be wasteful, but--
I wouldn't--
And one, two--
You are so gonna get it.
-Three.
-First of all,
you left
the refrigerator door open.
Here we go, four.
That is a wild
waste of energy.
Six, seven--
Damn [laughs]
Not cleaning that up, baby.
You are so dead.
♪ But it's true ♪
♪ It works like magic ♪
♪ Only got one life, got one
life to live, live, live ♪
♪ Whatever you want
just tell me I'll do it ♪
♪ It works like magic ♪
[inhales deeply]
[muttering]
Oh, my God.
When he seemed
positively delighted
at the thought
of separate bedrooms.
You said he
had sleep problems.
Mm-mm.
He never had a problem
with it before.
What if he's that
doubting the whole thing?
No, did he demand
separate bedrooms?
Was he trying to start a fight?
No, he said like
it's nice to have
the option or something.
That's not cold feet,
and I kind of get his point.
What?
Binge Netflix,
fart with abandon,
get your alone time.
It really took me by surprise.
No, I'm good.
I have a photo shoot tomorrow.
You're kidding.
No.
Oh, my--I could've sworn
that you were letting
Marria down gently.
This is probably going
to be the last chance
I get to do this again.
And you know after Marco,
I'm kind of grateful
to do something
that might send some good
energy into to the universe.
Mm, here's to sending
some good energy.
Good energy.
[sports announcer
shouting on TV]
[crowd cheering]
Mmm.
Mm-hmm.
Good morning Mrs. Clean.
Good morning.
Really, the sports already?
Really with
the scrubbing already?
[laughs]
I really don't want to watch.
Oh, come on.
Come watch it with me.
You've never given
it the time of day.
You know that Phil Jackson
used to have his players
practice without the ball.
Oh, my God.
No, no, cause it's
about five people--
-You sound like
-Thinking with one mind.
A pretentious guy,
who's about
to direct a film
with Joseph Gordon Levitt.
Oh, wait!
Oh, come on.
I'm serious.
It's--you danced in college.
-Yeah.
-It's--come here.
I'll show you.
No, I am hungover
and I need food and water.
Uh-huh, you need this.
This is the ball, right?
You can't let me get it, right?
Cause here I can get it,
but here I can't get it.
You got to use your butt.
-My butt?
-Yeah you got to like dance.
I will be away from--no.
Keep it--let's see
look, I get it.
Oh, God!
Ow!
That didn't hurt.
Now there's
pretzels everywhere.
I know that OCD
carb nightmare!
All right, grow up!
Oh, grow down!
Grow down, Abby.
I don't want to be tickled.
Grow down,
grow down, grow down.
No really, stop.
I don't want to be tickled.
Stop!
Oh, God! Jesus.
Hit me in the face.
Sorry.
You just like
relax for a minute.
You're provoking me.
I'm not provoking you.
You clean the entire house
and we talk about
not cleaning the house.
No, mm-mmm.
No.
No?
No, and what is it
Jake and Abby's
greatest hits
argument number seven?
The cleaning argument?
I don't want to have it,
do you?
Skip it, right?
Let it go.
I'm just--I'm gonna
let it go.
I think we're either
gonna save our marriage
or we're gonna end up in
a mental institution together.
Same difference.
[rock music]
Good morning!
-Hi.
Gordon texted.
He's just running
a bit late.
No problem.
It's probably brunch traffic.
Is that a thing?
I don't know.
Anyways, no real
time crunch here
since we're only
seeing the two houses.
Oh, two.
I thought that we
were seeing four.
Well, the ones
on Roscomare and Samara
have single master bedrooms
and Mr. Beech's email it said
just the two master bedroom
configurations from now on.
Oh right, no, I thought the
others--I think they're singles.
And here's Mr. Beech!
I think I have the door code.
Mm-hmm.
You and Courtney have,
uh, separate bedrooms?
Uh, good morning to you too.
We can take
separate vacations.
Come on.
I just think
the option is intriguing--
The option to
not sleep beside me.
Okay, Chateau du
Beech et Banai awaits!
Delia, love of my life,
we are just
exploring this thing.
Exploring?
You told Cyan.
-Shawn.
-Whatever his name is.
The only one to see
places with two masters,
that's not exploring.
That's deciding
for both of us.
Cyan, there better be
two of everything.
Two offices,
two kitchens.
So I take her
through the whole thing,
and afterwards Lilly
thinks about it for a second,
and then she says, "Mom,
I'm pretty sure I'm not gonna
"have sex until college,
but when I do,
"I promise I will call
you as soon as it's over."
Aww.
Our little girl.
I know.
And Charlie--
Oh, Charlie's gonna
lose his virginity at 13.
[laughs]
Or 30.
And guys he got
going either way for him.
Agreed, I totally get that.
Ah, as a radical honesty...
Go for it.
When I think
about the CW, baby.
I just feel ripped off.
I feel like we did
the baby thing already.
It was hard,
I don't want to do it again.
Yeah.
Well radical honesty...
You probably should've
come on her tits.
Right?
Right.
Like the CW baby is happening
and we can bitch about it
or we can embrace it.
But if we're at our best,
we can handle it.
I mean, we can thrive even.
Amazing.
Thank you.
[doorbell rings]
[giggles]
Oh, my baby!
I missed you!
Oh, I missed you too,
but I can't breathe.
Mmm.
The latest delectable
creations from Scott.
Game changers.
Not vegan.
Oh, exciting.
-Mm-hmm.
-Thank you.
Okay now, dish it.
How bad is it?
Honestly, I don't think
I have the language skills.
I don't think James Joyce
had the language skills.
Really?
Mom, well, I'm fully aware
of the self-sabotaging nature
of woman on woman ridicule.
-Mm-hmm.
-I must say this,
she is a monster.
I caught the monster
part go on.
She's dumb,
she's mean, she's ignorant--
Oh, whoa, whoa, mean how?
Mean to you?
Do I need to cut a bitch?
The bitch was
metaphorically cut.
She even retreated
to her parlor.
I'm so proud of you.
Please don't get into it
with dad on this, okay?
Mm-mm, no.
Oh, munchkin, come here.
I'm gonna wash up and unpack.
Come keep me company?
Nothing would make me happier.
I'll be right in.
[giggles]
"Retreated to her parlor," huh.
Zooey's back.
[cell phone buzzes]
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
Can I just say,
I had your June
of '98 "Vogue" cover
in my locker all of 7th grade.
Oh, my God,
that's cool, thanks.
Hey, can you
help out a second?
Yeah.
Thanks, Phoebe.
-Carson.
-Mm-hmm?
This girl, jowls,
I'm not kidding.
Can you tape them, try to
put a jaw line on her, okay?
-Okay.
-Kind of in a hurry.
Thanks.
Tape them?
What happened to all-natural?
Jonas?
Hey, I didn't know
you we're gonna be here.
-Phoebes, hey, honey.
-Hi.
Sorry, I couldn't
sleep last night.
You can work some magic, right?
I'm so puffy.
No, stop it you're fine.
Just breathe.
Okay.
I'm great.
I didn't even want
to think what year it was.
The last time the three of us
were in the same room together.
I'm sorry,
out of time, come on.
Almost done.
Sorry, I'm good, I'm good.
I could do it, I could it.
It's gonna be fine, Marria.
You won't regret this,
I promise.
I'm gonna be fine.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
"You won't regret this."
Oh, Alicia and I,
the producer, we're super tight.
And she called me about this
and we started talking about
what other girls might be good,
and I totally
pushed for you two.
You didn't tell me that.
Well you're glad
you're here, right?
Yeah.
How is Jonas?
Alcoholic.
She's been sober
for a few months.
Just trying to
throw her a bone.
You should have seen her
before I worked on her.
I did see on the Twitter
that you're fake date
with the real
doctor was a disaster.
Well, I did cry
over you.
If you must know.
Sad, but what
an awesome story.
Go on.
[giggles]
How much longer do you have to
do that kind of stuff.
It's kind of bad
for my ego cookies.
I don't know.
I do know it's hard.
Thank you.
But I mean...
Soon you have
to advocate your role
as the face of the divorce
industrial complex, right?
Not necessarily.
I am writing a book.
Oh, I know.
My parents read
the press release.
"I mean,
your marriage failed.
Do you have to announce
it to the world?"
Ugh, that's a good
alternate title for the book.
[laughs]
Sure your parents are glad
that you finally ditched
the dead beat husband, right?
I'm sorry.
Jesus.
They never gave
you a real chance.
And the truth is they
have barely mentioned
our split at all.
Oh yeah,
it's not about them.
Why would they?
Don't be mean.
I'm not being mean,
I'm being realistic.
I mean, you and Max
are their props.
They want the image of the
perfectly happy family
until something
gets messy then--whoosh!
They're ghosts!
They're gone!
That is not true.
They raised us
to be independent--
Come on, they raised
you to raise yourself.
I mean, my mom may
call three times a day,
-Yeah, that does not mean--
-But she would anything for me.
-That she--
-That means she's a parent!
No!
No.
This is Jake and Abby,
greatest hits number 19.
You are 19 with
a bullet in rising.
Could we just?
-Move on.
-Please.
-Moving on!
-That number 19 is gone.
I'm throwing it out.
I don't even know what
you're talking about.
What are you talking about?
Yeah.
Ah!
Okay.
I feel tense,
do you feel tense?
-Yeah, I feel a little tense.
-Yeah.
But I still feel like
we're doing the right thing.
You know, we're not
going down old roads.
-No, no, yeah, definitely.
-Dead-ends.
-Definitely.
-Right?
-Less talk more action.
-Yes!
-We should--
-We could--make hot cocoa.
Play a game of Hearts.
Not exactly action--
[laughs]
If you want to go
the mellow route,
we could like
binge watch "House of Cards."
I've plowed
through it already.
-Okay.
-Sorry.
We we're separated.
Yeah.
I mean,
we could just take
a bunch of ecstasy,
find the old dance mixes
and party all night.
Oh, do you have molly?
Molly--isn't that
the new code of ecstasy?
And?
No, I don't have any.
Aww, sounds amazing.
You know there is this guy
at the the Paradiso
who says anytime I want,
he'd be back in like 40 minutes.
Hurry up.
[laughs]
Kiss me first.
Oh, my God.
[laughs]
All right, um,
I'll text you when I get it.
Okay, I'll find
Charlie's glow sticks.
Whoo!
Zing, zing, zing,
zing, zing, zing.
[giggles]
[door knock]
Novak, what?
I need a quick favor.
Is this a home invasion?
Uh, no.
Fine, if you could show me
how to forward a text message.
Okay, I'm looking
for that guy.
I think he lives in 3F--
Stanny?
Oh--it's
pronounced "Staani".
Stanni.
-Like Yanni.
-Uh-huh.
He's in jail.
-Oh, shit.
-Yeah.
Bummer.
Forward texting, how?
You just...
Press it then you press contact.
-Uh-huh.
-See?
Is this Zooey's phone?
Yeah.
She tells me
she hate Charlene, right?
I check the phone,
and they've been
texting each other
back and forth with,
"I miss you," "I miss you too,"
"I can't wait to come back."
[scoffs]
It's horrible, right?
Okay, you are, one,
spying on your daughter.
And two, you're pissed
that she's not miserable
when she's with her father.
She's lying to me.
Well gosh, I wonder
how you would've reacted
had she told you the truth.
That would have
gone great for her.
Why are you in
my apartment again?
Do you have any
ecstasy, extra molly?
[laughs]
Oh, my God.
You two are hilarious.
What do you mean "you two?"
What does that mean?
Oh, I know all
about it, lover boy!
You don't know anything.
Let's see here.
No ecstasy because I'm not 15.
Okay.
Now we've got--oh.
Two Ambien, couple Zoloft,
a Lipitor, and--
oh, what do you know.
A Viagra-Frumpkis
I found in my shoe.
I'll take it all.
Took the Viagra, thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Why just give it to me?
Don't give me a look.
Can I have a baggy
or something please?
So how's my--
highly one friend doing?
She's--good you know,
we'll see,
we're working on it.
She misses you.
I miss her too a lot.
And if you tell her
I told you that
I will kill you.
Get out.
Gladly.
[club music]
♪ ♪
[phone ringing]
Hi.
Hey.
Pig tails?
Interesting.
Where are you?
I'm just heading
out to Soho House,
Terry Gilliam's
having a screening,
"The Fisher King."
You want to come?
Um, last minute.
I know I'm sorry,
but I just found
out I got a plus one.
Is it too late?
It is,
but that sounds like fun.
Look, one more question.
Anything.
Although it's
impolitic to ask
about your marital situation.
What?
If you want to do
a follow-up piece,
don't you need
a follow-up date?
Let me say this.
I would like to follow-up.
Good to hear.
[chuckles]
Until then.
Okay, bye.
[pop music]
Gorgeous.
♪ ♪
It's good to be home,
isn't it?
Yeah.
Phoebe, over here.
Okay. Yeah.
[club music]
♪ ♪
Abby.
Abs?
Abby!
Got some really lame drugs!
-Good morning, you.
-Good morning.
I feel asleep.
No, you must have blacked out
cause we--we rolled all night.
We danced like maniacs.
So you're going
to be really tired.
What's happening here?
This dryer vent's
been busted,
and I'm just feeling handy,
and I miss being
the man around the house.
You missed attacking
various inanimate
objects and screaming?
Maybe let's try the--
new version of that.
Where I'm calm and capable
and you're supportive.
Sorry.
You're cute.
You are capable.
And this is--
this looks beautiful.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
You mad about my party fail?
No, I'm exhausted anyway.
[blows]
Actually, couldn't even find
that guy at the Paradiso,
so I had to score stuff from Jo.
-Hilarious.
-I know.
What drugs did Jo have?
Ambien, Zoloft, and Viagra.
[laughs]
We would have been sleepy,
not depressed, and erect.
Yeah, could've
been a crazy night.
It was a super
cozy sleep though.
-It was cozy.
-Hmm.
How's Jo?
Jo's batshit crazy.
Whatever is going
on between the two of you,
she seems like she
wants to make peace.
She misses you.
Oh, peace sounds...
complicated.
I'm good.
[upbeat music]
[moaning]
They want this every night.
Mr. Beech, Ms. Banai?
Everything okay in there?
Yes, you guess!
You and your shared bedroom.
[both moaning]
Hello?
We'll take it!
Wonderful!
I'm here.
Whenever.
Fine.
We go with the one bedroom.
As long as you keep
taking advantage of me.
Oh, that makes
me feel so good.
You know, whenever
I imagined being married,
which was almost never,
I did think
that separate bedrooms.
I mean, possibly
as an idea but...
When you brought it up,
decided that no way.
I want my man close.
It's funny how these
things work, right?
[romantic music]
Wait a minute Gordon Beech,
did you play me?
You do have
a certain inconsistencies
of character.
You played me!
You mean you wanted one
bedroom the whole time?
Well hey,
relationships are negotiation.
Yes, and you are
just so...good.
I know, I know.
Yes.
God damn it, I love you.
And done.
Yeah?
Impressed?
I am, thank you.
You're welcome.
What's that?
Oh yeah, what is that?
Oh, I don't know.
Run inside and turn the dryer on
maybe it's not important.
It looks important.
Well, how do you know?
I'm the one who fixed it.
Except it's not fixed.
I'm just gonna--
-Just give me a minute.
-I'm gonna YouTube it.
-Are you kidding?
-Open my laptop.
I'm not being overbearing.
If you need help
and I'm helping.
It's just help.
Well, that was
quite a sentence.
You're a writer, right?
And you're a dryer
repairman, right?
Okay, taking a breath.
Breathing.
Okay.
Same team.
-Yes.
-Okay.
I think it will be a great idea
if you went inside
and use the Google machine
and help me fix this.
I shall.
Thank you.
Um, try--
Strickland dryer
vent weird piece
or extra piece.
-One sec.
-Okay.
Shit!
Hey, I just said one sec!
Just look it up, please.
No, don't Google it,
Google--are you...
You checking emails right now?
I saw something from Barbara
about an assignment
and I was ignoring it
so that we can have our weekend.
Is trying to
save your marriage
getting the way of
your divorce job?
Wow.
Yeah, here.
Google it, please?
No look, use Google Images--
-Oh, my God!
-You're looking for an image.
Would you please
stop micromanaging me?
-I haven't even started.
-Really?
You're any further
up my ass--
-I can see--
-Out of my mouth.
Yeah, yes, you know how I knew
you were going to say that?
Because you have said it an
incalculable number of times!
Fix it yourself.
What is your problem?
You are so stubborn!
Yeah, I'm stubborn if
I ever gained and suggested
you're the one who made
me did something wrong!
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
I think you're going crazy.
You know what?
Radical honesty,
you're making me crazy!
You can't handle
honesty, Jake.
Of any kind!
Radical or otherwise.
I can handle it!
Can you?
Bring it on.
They were work emails
or they were Harris emails.
Would you even know
the difference anymore?
Why does it even matter?
Why does it matter
if you're lying to me?
Like you lied
about having a baby--
No, no, don't
change the subject.
Answer the question.
Fine, yes.
I corresponded with Harris--
-Corresponded!
-But only because all weekend,
you've been picking on me--
-All right.
-And making me feel like shit.
It's my fault.
First of all,
I've not been picking on you,
I've been trying
to have a sense of fun,
which I understand is not
exactly in your wheelhouse.
This is what
I'm talking about.
You know what?
If I do anything
that's remotely corrected
or remotely suggested,
maybe you should
just try to relax.
You go to Defcon One.
That's regular Defcon.
No it--that's
highest Defcon.
-No, it is not.
-Stop it, stop it!
Our problem is,
and always will be,
what you said
before you believed.
It's my fault.
Everything.
All the time.
Not true.
True.
I'm just a monkey.
I just fling my poo
and make bad decisions
and make messes
and you're
the put upon adult
who has to come in
and save the day.
And poor you,
because your stuck
with your monkey husband,
you have to go find solace
in other men!
Harris replaced Will!
Replaced Nate!
Who replaced your
monkey husband!
[somber music]
Because you make
me feel like shit.
-Oh, my God.
-Come on, Jake.
Face it.
Who I am,
my neatness, my control,
my ambition.
You don't like me.
-Don't put it back on me.
-No, you don't.
You resent that I provide
for this family.
-Oh, here we go.
-The more important thing--
-Money time!
-You have no respect
for my career--
How did you figure that?
Already crap about
stuff nobody cares about.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt
cares about it.
And you just can't
get over the fact
that I'm getting
a movie made.
Your loser monkey husband
is getting something done.
You know what?
I have been nothing
but supportive,
even you have admitted that.
I got retroactive diamonds--
-When, when?
-Because of how supportive--
Yeah, well that
was love goggles,
because you are not supportive
and you remind me
on a daily basis
how much more functional
and reasonable you are than me.
Because I am.
No reasonable, functional adult
would have knocked up
his 26-year-old--
-Oh, my God!
-Actress rebound.
I pulled out.
-Oh, my God!
-It was an accident.
You pulled out?
Yes!
Spoken like a true monkey!
Do you have any idea what
you've done to our lives?
Spare me your
self-righteous bullshit!
Monkey, monkey!
Stop that.
Monkey, monkey, monkey--
Shut this stupid mouth!
Shut up!
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Hey, Ford, how are the kids?
They're fine, okay.
No--
I'm sorry,
I just came from outside.
Um, okay great, I'll see
you in a little while.
Uh, Charlie couldn't sleep.
He's terribly homesick,
so Ford is bringing
them back early and--
he will be here soon.
I'll help you
clean up this mess.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
Hey, you.
Daddy!
Daddy just came over
to fix the dryer vent.
Yeah, I almost did it too.
Sweetheart.
I'm gonna head out, okay?
Cool.
Daddy, stay for
dinner, please?
Oh buddy, dinner's not
like for like a few--
No, daddy!
Mommy, make him stay!
Please don't let him leave.
It's okay, Jake.
Stay.
I'll order some pizzas
in a little bit.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yes, yes, I will
stay for dinner.
-Yeah!
-Ah!
-Yay!
-All right go up, go clean up.
All right,
let's get in the works.
Uh, where's Jonas?
I don't know,
In-N-Out Burger?
I think
she's drinking again.
So sad and so bloated.
She had like this panic attack
in makeup and it
was just really sad.
Uh, no, I think she was
nervous and she wasn't drunk.
And that definitely
wasn't a panic attack.
Whatever,
she let herself go.
Let's get to work!
She looked real.
Like a real woman
without tape.
I appreciate your
opinion, Phoebe.
Oh wait, I don't.
Please, just go to makeup.
Bloated, Marria?
Really?
-Look, Phoebes.
I know how this goes.
They test a couple of girls.
You don't know how
it's gonna work out.
Portfolios lie.
Alicia asked me who I
liked from the old days,
so I stacked
the deck a little.
You stacked
the deck with Jonas?
You should be thanking me.
I knew she'd get cut
and now it's just
between you and me.
Oh, my God.
What is wrong with you?
What, I forgot to
screw my way
into millions of dollars,
so I could drink
chai tea all day?
Wow.
So how are you gonna
get me axed, huh?
What little lie
were you gonna spread
about me?
I don't need this.
No.
You don't.
Aren't you lucky?
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[man speaking on TV]
[exhales]
I should head out.
Uh, it's late.
Just stay.
I mean, we're both beat.
All right, thanks.
Where you going?
Uh, couch.
Just sneak out
before they get up.
Like the bad old days.
[exhales]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
Oh!
So...
Right.
Yeah.
So is Abby joining?
I texted her, I haven't--
I haven't heard back.
I give it
a 50/50 chance she shows.
Wow, what does that mean?
[speaking foreign language]
I don't know
what that means.
That means
she's not telling.
-See.
-Hey, how was the shoot?
Yeah, Ms. Fancy Pants.
-I quit.
-Uh-oh.
What?
Really?
I know.
Um, I guess
I thought it would
be an ego boost,
but it turns out that--
beautiful girls
are disposable.
Yeah, cutthroat
doesn't even begin
to describe that world.
And now that I'm ancient,
it's a lot worse.
I know.
By the way, when they say,
"No Photoshop
and no makeup,"
what they mean is they tape
and they moisturize
the crap out of you
and then hit you with
the supernova of fill light.
I knew it.
Wow.
Think I need to
find something
that makes me feel
good about myself
for the right reason.
Right on, lady, I get it.
What will that be?
That is the question.
I don't know.
I grew up really fast
and I skipped a lot of steps,
so I need to go back
and walk a little bit slower
and see what I see.
What is this an incantation
or you about to
turn me into a newt?
Well, that sounds good.
Thank you, Julia.
So what's the first step
you're gonna be stepping?
I don't know,
but as soon as I do know,
you two will be
the first I tell.
-I love it.
-Newt, how about that?
-I can't wait.
Yay, jinx, buy me a Coke.
-I'm hungry.
-Good.
-Are you hungry?
-Yes, I'm always hungry.
[soft pop music]
[footsteps]
♪ ♪
You know I love you, right?
I do.
And I love you forever.
And we just can't fix it.
We are just
these people together.
Are the kids gonna be okay?
Yeah, we'll make
sure of it.
Okay.
We gave it a good
second go, right?
We sure did.
[chuckles]
♪ ♪
Jake.
I think my heart is breaking.
♪ ♪
[both sobbing]